Piensa en la última vez que estuviste en contacto con la Naturaleza. ¿Como te sentiste? ¿Desconectado de la rutina y los problemas? ¿Con más libertad? ¿Aceptado y bienvenido? Quizás tambien sentiste una invación de curiosidad, creatividad y fascinación. Multiples estudios afirman que estrechar lazos con la Naturaleza acarrea beneficios tanto para la salud mental como física. Eso es lo que en "Estanques de Vida" te ofrecemos: Citas frecuentes con la Naturaleza y sus beneficios. En esta pagina encontrarás información de nuestros productos: "Estanques", "Plantas acuaticas" y "Peces". "Estanques de Vida", el recreo diario que tu mente y cuerpo necesitan. 

Think about the last time you were in contact with Nature. How did you feel? Disconnected from routine and problems? With more freedom? Accepted and welcome? Perhaps you also felt an invasion of curiosity, creativity and fascination. Multiple studies affirm that strengthening ties with Nature brings benefits for both mental and physical health. That's what "Ponds of Life" offers you: Frequent appointments with Nature and its benefits. On this page you will find information about our products: Ponds, aquatic plants and fishes. "Ponds of Life", the daily recreation that your mind and body need.


Mi discurso de ascensor tiene como objetivo "crear interés en mis productos" mediante la "construcción de una asociación" entre ellos y los beneficios para la salud mental y física que se derivan de la interacción con la naturaleza. Mi público objetivo son personas mayores de 18 años, de ambos sexos y de clase socioeconómica media y alta.

My elevator pitch aims to "create interest in my products" by "building an association" between them and the mental and physical health benefits that come from interacting with nature. My intended audience is people over 18 years of age, of both sexes and of upper and middle socioeconomic class.

PONDS
Our ponds are: 1) designed* to provide the best possible habitat for your guests, 2) designed with modern and attractive shapes, and 3) made with reliable techniques and the use of the highest quality materials**. We offer 200, 400, 800 and 1200 liter tanks.
* El diseño de nuestros estanques respeta la regla de las proporciones tradicional: Ancho = 1/2 del largo; profundidad = 1/3 del largo. Éstas dimensiones le permiten a nuestros estanques alcanzar niveles de oxigenación del agua ideales y una mayor población de peces por superficie superior.  
** Todos nuestros estanques tienen triple refuerzo de fibras de poliamida, lo que los convierte en los más reforzados del mercado.  

PLANTS
There are three broad categories of aquatic plants: submersible plants, floating plants, and riparian plants. Dentro de las plantas sumergibles las opciones que mejor se adaptan a nuestro clima soleado son: Cola de zorro , Ludvigia, Cabomba verde, Elodea (Canadian Pondweed) y Vallisneria. Entre las plantas flotantes tenemos para ofrecerle: Nenúfares, Jacintos de agua, Lechugas de agua y Lentejas de agua. Finalmente, para completar nuestro estanque no pueden faltar las plantas palustres tales como: Achira, Cala (Zantedeschia aethiopica), Falso Papiro (Cyperus alternifolius), Papiro (Papyrus cyperus) y Bambú de jardín. 

FISHES
The existing variety is enormous, but we will focus only on freshwater fish. There are two types, tropical and cold water. 1) Tropical water fish: They are the most colorful and showy. They will serve us “only for indoor ponds”, located in a warm place in our house or apartment (the temperature should never drop below 20°C). Among them we find viviparous fish such as Guppies, Platys, Xiphos and Mollies; and oviparous fish such as Bettas. 2) Cold water fish: They allow us to place our pond outside. Among the best known species are Goldfishs, Koys, Barbos Schubertis, Chinese Neons, Paradises, etc. All these species tolerate the cold well, but they have a hard time on days of high temperatures.